After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:
Media Database

2. The Heroku URL for your web application:
https://secure-waters-53220.herokuapp.com/database/home.php

3. The GitHub URL for your source code repository:
https://github.com/moksaam/cs313-php/tree/master/web/database

4. Please provide a brief description of what your project does and how to use the application. Make sure to include any required information like a username and password.


5. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.


6. Provide evidence of your database design by dumping the SQL that describes your Heroku database to the file "output.sql" using the following command. Submit this SQL file in addition to the submission file for this assignment.

  $ heroku run 'pg_dump $DATABASE_URL' > output.sql

--------------------------------
Project Self-assessment
--------------------------------

For each of the following requirements, please replace the "(YES/NO)" with either "YES" or "NO" as to whether or not your work met this requirement.

Requirements
------------
(YES) 1. Your web application is running in Heroku.
(YES) 2. Your latest source code is in GitHub.
(YES) 3. Your web application uses data stored in the session.
(YES) 4. Your web application uses a PostgreSQL database in Heroku.
(YES) 5. Your database schema includes foreign key references.
(NO) 6. Your web application includes an SQL SELECT query that joins multiple tables.
(NO) 7. Your web application includes an SQL UPDATE statement.

For each of the following criteria, please replace the "(A-E)" with either the "A", "B", "C", "D", or "E" category you feel best describes your work. Include a 1-2 sentence justification.

Categories
----------
A - Some attempt was made.
B - Developing, but significantly deficient.
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate.
D - Meets requirements.
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements.

Criteria
----------
(B) 1. Professional look and feel.
Page looks alright and you can navigate between pages.
(B) 2. Accomplishes a meaningful/interesting task.
Creating a media database is a useful task.
(C) 3. Demonstrates skill with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Page uses HTML but doesn't have any CSS or JS incorporated into it.
(C) 4. Demonstrates skill with PHP.
PHP is used to create the website and navigate between pages.
(C) 5. Demonstrates good database design principles.
The databases are designed well.
(D) 6. Demonstrates skill in database retrieval.
Able to retrieve the users login info.
(D) 7. Demonstrates skill in database modification.
I am able to modify my user table.
(C) 8. Demonstrates mastery of client-side/server-side coordination and communication.
Login is working properly and users are created but I'm having a hard time getting the insert to work within the different tables.
(C) 9. Overall project evaluation.
Everything is there and it is almost working.